# Introduction {#introduction}

Pre-Stack Pro is a high-performance software package for visualization, processing, and quantitative amplitude analysis of pre-stack seismic data. Pre-Stack Pro has been designed for “off-the-shelf” hardware systems, and scales from multi-cpu, multi-core workstations to enterprise clusters. Pre-Stack Pro provides a powerful, cost-effective solution for accessing and manipulating the massive pre-stack datasets routinely produced by seismic contractors. Scalability has been achieved by fully exploiting parallelism at all levels, from the I/O system, CPU and operating system, to each individual algorithm in the application.

Pre-Stack Pro is the result of an R&amp;D collaboration between EnVision (a Norway-based geoscience consultancy) and Fraunhofer ITWM (Kaiserslautern, Germany), a branch of Europe’s largest application-oriented research organization. StatoilHydro was the project’s development partner, and provided critical technical and financial support for pre-commercial development. They were later joined by Rock Solid Images and several other industry partners.

Sharp Reflections was established as an independent company in 2010, to lead the commercial effort and provide sales, services, and front-line software support. Fraunhofer ITWM developed all versions of Pre-Stack Pro through 2012\. In January 2013, Sharp Reflections also assumed full responsibility for software development.

Pre-Stack Pro is built on several underlying Fraunhofer computing technologies. Going forward, our teams will continue to work closely together to provide leading-edge technology and deliver timely (and personal) software and systems support.